Sticky Carrot Giraffe

high

# Gas Optimization

## Summary
Any call on the blockchain incurs a gas cost of which a caller must pay. If an attacker can decide to call repeatedly 'Update Operator' with multiple operator addresses it could potentially lead to waste of the gas of the legitimate owner.
An attacker may spam the function with unnecessary calls thiS  could lead  to congest the network, slowing down transaction processing for everyone.

## Vulnerability Detail
code line 119. function updateOperator(address operator, bool newEnabled) external

The legitimate owner of the contract might have to pay significant gas fees if the attacker spams the function with numerous calls. This is not good financially wise, especially if gas prices are high.
Too many calls to 'updateOperator' could overload the contract and slow down its operation. This could prevent legitimate users from interacting with the contract effectively.
## Impact
The severity of the impact depends on the frequency and volume of the attacker's calls. A low-level attack might have minimal impact, while a large-scale attack could be quite disruptive.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-kwenta-x-perennial-integration-update/blob/main/perennial-v2/packages/perennial-extensions/contracts/MultiInvoker.sol#L119-L124
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
The contract needs to be designed to implement rate limiting for a function like this, it would restrict the number of times an address can call.
To avoid a function being spammed by random users they need to access control mechanism where specific roles or authorized accounts can call.


