Curly Garnet Jaguar

medium

# Vulnerable versions of packages are being used

## Summary
This project is using specific package versions which are vulnerable to the specific CVEs listed below. Consider switching to more recent versions of these packages that don't have these vulnerabilities.

## Vulnerability Detail
- [CVE-2023-40014](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-40014) - **MEDIUM** - (`openzeppelin/contracts >=4.0.0 <4.9.3`): OpenZeppelin Contracts is a library for secure smart contract development. Starting in version 4.0.0 and prior to version 4.9.3, contracts using `ERC2771Context` along with a custom trusted forwarder may see `_msgSender` return `address(0)` in calls that originate from the forwarder with calldata shorter than 20 bytes. This combination of circumstances does not appear to be common, in particular it is not the case for `MinimalForwarder` from OpenZeppelin Contracts, or any deployed forwarder the team is aware of, given that the signer address is appended to all calls that originate from these forwarders. The problem has been patched in v4.9.3.

- [CVE-2023-34459](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-34459) - **-** - (`openzeppelin/contracts >=4.3.0 <4.8.3`): When the verifyMultiProof, verifyMultiProofCalldata, processMultiProof, or processMultiProofCalldata functions are in use, it is possible to construct merkle trees that allow forging a valid multiproof for an arbitrary set of leaves. A contract may be vulnerable if it uses multiproofs for verification and the merkle tree that is processed includes a node with value 0 at depth 1(just under the root). This could happen inadvertently for balanced trees with 3 leaves or less, if the leaves are not hashed.This could happen deliberately if a malicious tree builder includes such a node in the tree. A contract is not vulnerable if it uses single- leaf proving (verify, verifyCalldata, processProof, or processProofCalldata), or if it uses multiproofs with a known tree that has hashed leaves.Standard merkle trees produced or validated with the @openzeppelin/merkle-tree library are safe (@openzeppelin/contracts >=4.7.0 <4.9.2).

- [CVE-2023-34234](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-34234) - **MEDIUM** - (`openzeppelin/contracts >=4.3.0 <4.8.3`): By frontrunning the creation of a proposal, an attacker can become the proposer and gain the ability to cancel it. The attacker can do this repeatedly to try to prevent a proposal from being proposed at all. This impacts the Governor contract in v4.9.0 only, and the GovernorCompatibilityBravo contract since v4.3.0.

- [CVE-2023-30542](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-30542) - **HIGH** - (`openzeppelin/contracts >=4.3.0 <4.8.3`): The proposal creation entrypoint (`propose`) in `GovernorCompatibilityBravo` allows the creation of proposals with a `signatures` array shorter than the `calldatas` array. This causes the additional elements of the latter to be ignored, and if the proposal succeeds the corresponding actions would eventually execute without any calldata. The `ProposalCreated` event correctly represents what will eventually execute, but the proposal parameters as queried through `getActions` appear to respect the original intended calldata. This issue has been patched in 4.8.3. As a workaround, ensure that all proposals that pass through governance have equal length `signatures` and `calldatas` parameters (@openzeppelin/contracts >=4.3.0 <4.8.3).

- [CVE-2023-30541](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-30541) - **MEDIUM** - (`openzeppelin/contracts >=3.2.0 <4.8.3`): A function in the implementation contract may be inaccessible if its selector clashes with one of the proxy's own selectors. Specifically, if the clashing function has a different signature with incompatible ABI encoding, the proxy could revert while attempting to decode the arguments from calldata. The probability of an accidental clash is negligible, but one could be caused deliberately and could cause a reduction in availability. The issue has been fixed in version 4.8.3. As a workaround if a function appears to be inaccessible for this reason, it may be possible to craft the calldata such that ABI decoding does not fail at the proxy and the function is properly proxied through (@openzeppelin/contracts >=3.2.0 <4.8.3).

- [CVE-2023-26488](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-26488) - **-** - (`openzeppelin/contracts >=4.8.0 <4.8.2`): The ERC721Consecutive contract designed for minting NFTs in batches does not update balances when a batch has size 1 and consists of a single token. Subsequent transfers from the receiver of that token may overflow the balance as reported by `balanceOf`. The issue exclusively presents with batches of size 1. The issue has been patched in 4.8.2 (@openzeppelin/contracts >=4.8.0 <4.8.2)

## Impact
All impacts are explained above.

## Code Snippet
    "@openzeppelin/contracts": "4.8.0",
[Github Link](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-kwenta-x-perennial-integration-update/blob/main/perennial-v2/package.json#L23)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider updating packages to safest version.

